# What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team:

- Many of today’s most valuable firms have come to realize that analyzing and improving individual workers ­— a practice known as ‘‘employee performance optimization’’ — isn’t enough. As commerce becomes increasingly global and complex, the bulk of modern work is more and more team-based
- Software engineers are encouraged to work together, in part because studies show that groups tend to innovate faster, see mistakes more quickly and find better solutions to problems. Studies also show that people working in teams tend to achieve better results and report higher job satisfaction
- Traits the best managers share according to google are good communication and avoiding micromanaging
- Many groups that were studied varied in their productivity based on what they chose to share, how they mingled or didn't. Some were straight to business while others worked and chatted. It was all different team to team.
- After looking at over a hundred groups for more than a year, Project Aristotle researchers concluded that understanding and influencing group norms were the keys to improving Google’s teams. 
# CSS Transforms:
- *transform property* comes in two different settings, two-dimensional and three-dimensional. Each come with their own individual properties and value.
- the syntax for this property includes transform property followed by the value. The value specifies the transform type followed by a specific amount inside parenthese.
- The property itself includes multiple vendor prefixes to gain the best support across all browsers. The un-prefixed declaration comes last to overwrite the prefixed versions, if a browser full supports it.
- *2D Transforms*: Two-dimensional transforms work on the x and y axes, known as horizontal and vertical axes.
- *2D Rotate*: the rotate value provides the ability to rotate an element from 0 to 360 degrees. Using a positive value will rotate an element clockwise, using a negative will rotate counterclockwise. Default point of rotation is the center of the element, 50% 50%, both horizontally and vertically. 
- *2D Scale*: Using the scale value within the transform property allows you to change the appeared size of an element. The default scale value is 1, therefore any value between .99 and .01 makes an element appear smaller while any value greater than or equal to 1.01 makes an element appear larger.
- *2D Translate*: The translate value works a bit like that of relative positioning, pushing and pulling an element in different directions without interrupting the normal flow of the document. Using the translateX value will change the position of an element on the horizontal axis while using the translateY value will change the position of an element on the vertical axis. As with the scale value, to set both the x and y axis values at once, use the translate value and declare the x axis value first, followed by a comma, and then the y axis value.
- *2D Skew*: The last transform value in the group, skew, is used to distort elements on the horizontal axis, vertical axis, or both. The syntax is very similar to that of the scale and translate values. Using the skewX value distorts an element on the horizontal axis while the skewY value distorts an element on the vertical axis. To distort an element on both axes the skew value is used, declaring the x axis value first, followed by a comma, and then the y axis value.
# 3D Transforms:
- Working with two-dimensional transforms we are able to alter elements on the horizontal and vertical axes, however there is another axis along which we can transform elements. Using three-dimensional transforms we can change elements on the z axis, giving us control of depth as well as length and width.
- *3D Rotate*: Using the rotateX value allows you to rotate an element around the x axis, as if it were being bent in half horizontally. Using the rotateY value allows you to rotate an element around the y axis, as if it were being bent in half vertically. Lastly, using the rotateZ value allows an element to be rotated around the z axis.
- *3D Scale*: By using the scaleZ three-dimensional transform elements may be scaled on the z axis. This isn’t extremely exciting when no other three-dimensional transforms are in place, as there is nothing in particular to scale. In the demonstration below the elements are being scaled up and down on the z axis, however the rotateX value is added in order to see the behavior of the scaleZ value. When removing the rotateX in this case, the elements will appear to be unchanged.
- *3D Translate*: Elements may also be translated on the z axis using the translateZ value. A negative value here will push an element further away on the z axis, resulting in a smaller element. Using a positive value will pull an element closer on the z axis, resulting in a larger element.
# Transitions & Animations:
- As mentioned, for a transition to take place, an element must have a change in state, and different styles must be identified for each state. The easiest way for determining styles for different states is by using the :hover, :focus, :active, and :target pseudo-classes.
- *Properties*: transition-property, transition-duration, transition-timing-function, and transition-delay.
- The transition-property property determines exactly what properties will be altered in conjunction with the other transitional properties. By default, all properties within element's different states will be altered upon change. Properties identified within the transition-property value will be affected.
- In the example above, the background property is identified in the transition-property value. Here the background property is the only property that will change over the duration of 1 second in a linear fashion. Any other properties included when changing an element’s state, but not included within the transition-property value, will not receive the transition behaviors as set by the transition-duration or transition-timing-function properties.
- Not all properties may be transitioned, only properties that have an identifiable halfway point.
- The transition-timing-function property is used to set the speed in which a transition will move. Knowing the duration from the transition-duration property a transition can have multiple speeds within a single duration. A few of the more popular keyword values for the transition-timing-function property include linear, ease-in, ease-out, and ease-in-out.
# CSS3 Transitions:
- Fade In, Change color, Grow & Shrink, Rotate Elements, Square to circle, 3D Shadow, Swing, Inset Border
